Docker and CI instructions in README (#72)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: README.md

## How to Add an Analysis

Users performing analyses, should **always** refer to the symlinks in the `data/` directory and not files within the release folder, as an updated release may be produced before a publication is prepared.

### Docker Image

We build our project Docker image from a versioned [`tidyverse`](https://hub.docker.com/r/rocker/tidyverse) image from the [Rocker Project](https://www.rocker-project.org/) (v3.6.0).

> To add dependencies that are required to your analysis to the project Docker image, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add dependencies that are required for your analysis to the project Docker image, you
```

Reviewer: may have a bonus line break here too

must alter the project [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/Dockerfile).
Note: R packages installed on this image will be installed from an [MRAN snapshot](https://mran.microsoft.com/documents/rro/reproducibility#reproducibility) corresponding to the last day that R 3.6.0 was the most recent release ([ref](https://hub.docker.com/r/rocker/tidyverse)).

If you need assistance adding a dependency to the Dockerfile, [file a new issue on this repository](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/issues/new) to request help.

#### Development in the Project Docker Container

> The most recent version of the project Docker image, which is pushed to Docker Hub after a pull request gets merged into the master branch, can be obtain via the command line with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most recent version of the project Docker image, which is pushed to Docker Hub after a pull request gets merged into the master branch, can be obtained via the command line with:
```

### Continuous Integration (CI)

> We continuous integration (CI) to ensure that all analysis code will execute and that the project Docker image will build if there are any changes introduced to the [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/Dockerfile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use continuous integration (CI) to ensure that the project Docker image will build if there are any changes introduced to the [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/Dockerfile) and that all analysis code will execute.
```

> We have put together files specifically for the purpose of CI that contain the full features in a data file, but only for a small subset of samples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have put together data files specifically for the purpose of CI that contain all of the features of the full data files for only a small subset of samples. 
```

> (You can see how this was done by viewing [this notebook](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/create-subset-files/01-create_subset_files.nb.html).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see how this was done by viewing [this notebook](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/create-subset-files/01-create_subset_files.nb.html).
```

We use the subset files to cut down on the computational resources and time required for testing.

> Provided that your analytical code points to the symlinks in the `data/` directory per [the instructions above](#how-to-add-an-analysis), adding the analysis to the CI will run on these subset files (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided that your analytical code points to the symlinks in the `data/` directory per [the instructions above](#how-to-add-an-analysis), adding the analysis to the CI (see below) will run your analysis on this subset of the data.
```

> Note that if you hardcode sample names in your analytical code and those samples are not present in the subset files, this may cause errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not hardcode sample names in your analytical code: there is no guarantee that those samples will be present in the subset files.
```

#### Adding Analyses to CI

For an analysis to be run in CI, it must be added to the Circle CI configuration file, [`.circleci/config.yml`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml). 

> A new analysis should be added as the last step of the `run_analyses` job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new analysis should be added as the last step of the `run_analyses` section.
```
